# CSCI 5607 Assignment 0: Working with ASCII images
## Functionality
The provided code will receive 0 - 2 parameters, and it will generate a .ppm file using the user 
setting name or default. The color of each pixel will be assigned three different integers, 
representing R(red), G(green) and B(blue), these numbers will be in a group of three, next to 
each other inside the document.

If 0 parameter was received, the program will use the default setting, which is 1024px width 
and 768px height, output file name "default_output.ppm".

if 1 parameter was received, which is the input file, the program will use the provided file 
generating the output ppm image, using the same name as the input file.

if 2 parameters was received, the program will use the first provided name as the input file 
name, and the second one as the output file name.

## Input file setup.txt
The input file contains three elements, the first keyword "imsize" is fixed keyword and will be 
check first. If there is a absence of this keyword, the program will provide info 
"[ERROR] Missing keyword of input file." and halt. The second element would be the width of the 
image, and the third element would be the height of the image.

### Messed up in the input file
The evaluation rules of first content that the program reads in from the input file will behave 
as follows:

| Input file content | Result |
|------|---------|
| imsize 100 100 | no error message |
| imsize 100 -100 | invalid height value |
| imsize123 100 100 | incorrect keyword |
| imsize100 100 | incorrect keyword |
| 100 100 100 | missing keyword |
| -100 100 100 | missing keyword |
| -100imsize 100 100 | incorrect keyword |
| imsize 100 | missing height |
| imsize | missing width |
| "*nothing in the file*" | missing keyword |

## Output file .ppm
The output file will be the ppm image generated by the program. If the user provided output
prefer name does not contain suffix ".ppm" or the suffix name is incorrect, such as ".ppe", the
program will ask permission to correct the suffix. (When there is no suffix, the program will
directly add the suffix.)